the cup liberators of america have been
undoubtedly the great event of the
week
here we see the moment when the sun
of the Paraguayan champion went to
field of the model stadium to dispute its
match against barcelona vice champion
Ecuadorian this was the previous environment
to the match and here the team's departure
most popular in the country a real turn and
an explosion of joy
it shows in a charged environment
of optimism of joy and awake
barcelona reached from the game
barcelona went out to the field of play
willing to get the victory before
sun of america the optimism of Carlos
morals prior to the game so
requirements that the soul vibrates is not a
very important match in my third
as liberators and if God wants and
second semifinal phase of friends maybe
nerves like in all the matches and be
a game like facing a blanket one
always nervous until death until
the death of love thank you very much
Barcelona left with Carlos Morales in the
left goal montaner or all here
chiñones and claudio if burton boy migrates
Gaul Vasquez Washington Aires Luis
ordóñez lobo quiñones and walter silva
the referee of the match was the Brazilian
jose asís de aragón
79 this arbitrating liberators a lot
time and here in the country
here the country has directed many parties
and still here two or three also directed
here I also remember you and that there is a
final match of national people
thank you very much thank you ma'am
I do not know about martínez viera with the referee
calling the captains of the teams
for the corresponding draw
details that sometimes you can not see with the
clarity that at this moment the fans
who attends the stadium but our
program gives them the opportunity to be
practically on the playing field here
there are the captains by the hole
the triumph of national by four goals
to zero in the morning hours opened the
hope of qualification to Barcelona
had to go through this game first
in front of the team from the sun of america in
the model stadium guayaquil
it was known that the sun of America was going to
become an extremely rival
difficult a ceremony prior to
meeting with barcelona
and sun of america
moments of great emotion before the
ball begin to roll in this
Liberators cup meeting
America
a night of football party and with a
triumph really unforgettable
barcelona played a first time
impeccable in front of a team of
good players that moved very well the
ball as was the sun of america
the children became the main
figure next to Gaul Vasquez who played a
super party
despite the individual marking that
exerted by brito on the number
18 about Washington aires the Uruguayan
could complicate in
the moments of the match to the team
Paraguayan at 36 minutes of the first
stage a Barça charge that culminated
dramatically Galo Vásquez is
would transform into the only goal of
oleson party is with the ball claudio
alcívar projecting from the left
the touch towards the merkin is rejection
defensive and see what a goal that marks
an extra goal
the art despite its effort nothing can
do to avoid falling your bow
an impressive shot and barcelona to
the 36 minutes of the first stage happens
to win the game 1 to 0 let's see the
Repeat very good play goals
chiñones claudio alcívar paul here kim
jong is the rejection on the left
defensivo y galo vázquez spikes the ball
at an impossible angle to the goal
colarte barcelona 1 sun of america 0
it's worth living it one more time
great action of all here quiñones
had a great game
arriving as a left pointer to
lift the center
ighalo before
top spectacularly to put the
ball
1 for barcelona
for sun of america
the images clearly show the
possibilities that Barcelona had as
is that miss any silva
this one with the advance of luis ordóñez
the auction of luis eduardo cow in the bread
or barcelona could have won
quietly for a 2 to 0 this match
in front of the Paraguayan sun champion
America